Sprint Report 4 for 5/23
Team Name: CodeBombers
 
Team Members:
@cayuso - Christopher Ayuso
@whitnet - Whitney Tran
@mengfanw - Mengfan Wang
@jhsosa - Joshua Sosa
@dtwilli1 - Daniel Williams
 
What was accomplished this sprint:
We had to revamp how bombs work to ensure explosions and 
the map is synced, also solved unsynced local client clocks.
Now, bombs’ initial placed time is based on the client’s 
estimated Trip Time to compensate a late bomb. We also 
restructured how the server sends messages to clients. The 
server keeps track of each client’s player number, which is 
assigned once a client finishes logging into a game/creates 
an account. This solves multiple clients creating new accounts 
at the same time and prepares us for when the game is structured 
to handle multiple game sessions. Up to four players can now 
play in a session with item pickups and game over states synced. 
We have also tested with clumsy in order to test for any game 
breaking lag bugs. With our client position sync, item pickup 
sync, bomb sync, death check system polished, we can mitigate 
latency between clients and also have checks on clients for 
duplicated messages. Positions are updated as often as latency 
estimation, once every 100+n*i milliseconds (n = Clients In-Game,  
i = Throttle), items have rollbacks to adjust to first player to 
pick up, bombs explode times adjust to latency and sync map, and 
the game over state pauses the game first to allow any death event 
messages to pass through the server before declaring a winner in 
order to account for tie game states. Finally, we now have a welcome 
screen with disconnect messages so clients return to the lobby if 
they leave a game or disconnect.
 
Our plans for the following sprint:
We need to allow clients to create multiple game sessions/lobbies of 
bomberman on our server. Players should be able to join different 
sessions by entering the session name on the login screen. A new 
session will be prompted and created if the session name entered does 
not exist. We also plan on completing the extra credit tasks by 
implementing a stat screen, where clients can view their game 
statistics they’ve achieved with their account. We plan on enhancing 
our current lobby chat room feature to handle multiple players and 
game sessions, where players can talk and invite each other to their 
game sessions. Lastly, we will perform tests on multiple edge cases 
in order to filter bugs and clean up our code for the final sprint 
deliverable.
